Hi everyone. Today's Tuesday, March the
17th, and this is the Money Ball Morning
Report. Charts by TrendSpider and Gamma
Flows by Man the Q.
What are we looking at today? We're
We're starting with the M contracts. I'm
going to rotate all of those over to the
forward contracts for us.
If you are sitting in the H contract
still, that's the March, there's a
possibility that it's still trading and
really, remember, it's the way to
measure that's the most important thing.
So, what are we going to measure?
First, let's take a look at the
30-minute opening candle formation.
And you can see that we sat in that
range
for
a couple hours, right? And then broke it
down, had a big sell-off. This must be
some sort of news event. I don't know
what it is, but it looks pretty newsy.
And then we had our 4:00 a.m.
candlestick.
That started low, but then they
recovered. And they recovered this
entire week down. So, already, what can
we see? Inside candle formation from
yesterday, right? We're still inside of
yesterday's range. A lot of supply
sitting above us.
Trend is mixed. We've got downward flows
from above that just broke through. And
then upward flows from below that also
seem to be holding. What is momentum?
Momentum is on the rise.
It is moving from negative to positive.
So, what do we want to think about here?
We want to think about dips being buy
zones.
And ultimately, if we're to have any
good upside pressure,
we want to make sure we hold the 4:00
a.m. candle low.
We do something like draw Fibonacci
for the 30-minute opening range,
we can see that it's moving pretty well
on track. You know, you don't even need
any of the other candles,
literally.
You can just measure this first 30
minute, and it will give you relative
ranges to walk down, as well as to
recover, in order to choose your
positions. It's pretty amazing how
fractal the market is.
By the same token,
you can do that with the 4-hour.
And
move in the direction,
look at it. The top of it is still the
top of the first 30-minute candlestick.
It's just incredible, folks. Algorithmic
trading is the reason that this works,
because algorithms need patterns to
follow. And so, that is why this works.
We'll leave the 4:00 a.m. candlestick up
there telling us what's going on. Dips
are buys. We're still inside. It looks
like a pretty jagged day, but
if we can move above the 30-minute high,
the Globex high, we've got some moves to
the upside. So, what's our What are the
lines that we need to watch? Let's take
a look at it.
We've got, you know,
6900 as the max on the day is what
they're calling.
Call wall still 7000.
Put wall still 6500. We're caught right
in the middle. You can see how wide it
is. These are the pivot forms. And
again, hat tip to Coach Paul, who does
his pivot flows in the morning on the
Topstep uh Discord. You can learn a lot
about what pivots are telling us.
And when we begin a day above the
primary pivot, like we potentially will,
that's this blue line right here, it'll
give us a little bit more bullish flow.
But you can see how noisy this is. We
literally are sitting both inside
yesterday, which was Monday, and Friday.
And
uh we're right at the bottom of
Thursday's trying to recover Thursday.
So, mixed bag all the way around, very
heavy news flow. They really uh
administration is really trying to
manage this news flow event. Last thing
I want you to look at is the 3:30
candlestick
Eastern time
here to see how well it holds
as relative resistance. If we break
through the 30-minute high low candle,
that's going to be the first test, the
high of that closing 30-minute
candlestick formation.
All right.
Let me see what are the numbers. Uh
call
uh value area low
6731.
Value area high 6770.
All right, let's go to the NQ.
Why I took a lot of time to I'm so
sorry.
So, the same thing.
All right, here's what we've got with
the NQ.
We've got our 30-minute opening
candlestick formation.
Same sort of thing. Held for a couple of
hours.
And then we lost the edge of it.
Yeah, it doesn't link. We lost the edge
of it, rotated down, big news event at
1:00 ish a.m., and then a complete
recovery of that event. Coming back into
the edge. This is
um
the VWAP.
It rejected the VWAP twice. We have some
supply up here. The compression is the
same, though. We are inside Friday's
Excuse me, inside Monday's range, inside
Friday's range, and this one is also
inside Thursday's range. Take a look at
this.
So, we are very range-bound in this
market. Very, very range-bound.
But that is the case. Somebody said
something about, you know, us having an
inverted head and shoulders pattern.
That looks like one, but I I I don't
trade those, you know. I I I don't.
They're too um
nebulous.
And that's a lot saying something for
me, right? Because, you know, I I'm not
I always think things are big fat
crayons, not um
not specific lines. Okay, let's see
where this is. Call wall still up at
26,000.
Uh the max move today predicted is
25,103.
The put wall is 24,000,
and we're just caught in the middle. So,
they are prepared for volatility. Here
is the pivot. We're dancing right around
it.
You know, this looks like another range
day to me. We have no significant trend.
Um so, looks like the very high highs
will be rejected.
And the
lower lows will find support. I do see a
demand structure down here at about
24,691.
That's pretty interesting.
All right, let's go to Bitcoin.
March.
Let's see what April looks like. Okay.
So, here we are in the April contract of
Bitcoin.
Good rise. This is showing us
that this price action is
on the on the rise. This is what the
200?
Yes. 200 moving average on the 4-hour.
So, we're well above it now after
2 days of working really hard to do it.
Dips remain buys here.
Dips remain buys. Uh what would I like
to see?
For me to participate, I want to see a
flush that holds, because we've got a
lot of gaps. I mean, we've got a lot of
gaps. And we have supply above us. So,
what are we seeing? Momentum.
Momentum is drifting down.
But it looks okay.
Um
trend
We're under the VWAP,
under the moving averages
in general, except for this 200, right?
So, being under the VWAP, it's hunting
for support.
We've got uh demand zones at about
73,400.
But a lot of gappy action. Look at this
volume profile. This looks hideous. I
want to see them come in and fill this
out, which is why I'm looking for
something around 71,000 to pick up.
Okay? That's That's really what I I'm
looking for, this 71,000 area for a
bullish zone. Um put wall
down here at 65,000. Call wall up at 85,
86,000.
Caught in the middle. Dips are buys.
If you want to hold this a tiny bit and
let it go through, then you're in good
shape. Otherwise, wait for structure to
build. In general, it is holding. But
remember, we've got to break through
these resistance zones on the daily
formation, pull back, and make a higher
low for us to have ideal structure.
All right, let's take a look at oil.
Let's see if we see that 1:00 a.m. move.
Yep, there we go.
We know that oil is
really so correlated to
uh each index right now. The ES, the NQ,
the YM, RTY. Anytime this surges,
those indices fail. Every time. It
fades, the those indices bounce. And so
we have extreme correlation here.
We haven't seen that in a while. It's I
mean
it's been many, many years.
I'd say it's probably been almost almost
20 years since I've seen anything like
that. Okay, so here's our opening candle
formation.
And then our 4:00 a.m.
candle event. So this is looking like
another potentially bullish day
into
prior resistance. So why is it into
prior resistance? Why won't it run to
the moon? Well,
because we are sitting inside of
Monday's trading range and inside of
Friday's trading range and inside of
Thursday's trading range. So they're
still deciding what to do here.
It's It's not easy.
What's trend?
Down from above,
up from below.
What's momentum? Flat.
But it is in bullish territory in
general.
If I move backwards here,
we are still trending up. So it's
holding that trend. Dips are buys. Dips
are buys. I am, of course, naturally
bullish
uh oil.
And um only because geopolitically
that's what we're seeing. So it has not,
however, retraced its 1:00 move or its
1:30 move. So what does that tell us?
Well, it's got more strength
to potentially come into the upside. So
what are we looking for? Uh the VWAP is
95. Pullbacks into the VWAP look pretty
good. VWAP over the range, the actual
VWAP, is here at 96.36.
It's fighting around that area right
now. Look at all the heavy congestion
here.
Once again, you can use your Fibonacci.
It's going to give you the same markers
to tell you what to walk through.
It's pretty incredible, folks. But
again, it only works because
algorithmically that's what we're
staring down.
Notice, this is the pivot line. So it's
dancing at the pivot.
Underneath it, we've got some bearish
traction. Above it, we've got more
bullish traction. That's just sort of
that line in the sand.
My thought is a pullback into the 95
ought to give us more upward flow.
We'll see. We'll see what happens.
Um but it is a
very
It's a It's a very bullish chart at this
at this juncture. Trend holding and
if trend breaks, we ease up off the gas
and then
look for it to hold. My My thought again
is if it comes into the 30-minute
candlestick, I'll be very happy to
consider a buy uh at this point.
But all my sizes are small. Why?
Because there's the potential that this
is being manipulated. So um
Let's see what's going on.
Let's take a Ooh, that's not the right
contract.
Let's go to gold.
That doesn't look like the right
contract, either.
All right, here we are
with gold.
Gold hanging around the 5,000 mark.
The dips down here, there is a lot of
supply and the put wall is at 49
60, 49 70.
Value area low 49 76, value area high
51 11.
Uh
the VWAP is 50 64 and the point of
control is
50 20. And that's where they're dancing.
Monday and Tuesday, beginning Tuesday
here, we can see we've got a very
sideways patch. I would say long action.
Looks like about
to go long. Short
could be at the day's max at 50 57
anticipated
That's what I meant to be saying right
there.
Call wall 52 20. Put wall
65, let's say. Okay? So here's that
5,000 level. They're trying to hold this
zone. I would not be surprised if we sat
here for a bit. Let's take a look what's
going on from a daily perspective. We
can see that trend is still bullish
in general.
Right? If we just sort of look at that.
Generally bullish. Momentum sitting
generally above zero.
But it's starting to look a little bit
weak. And if the dollar continues to
climb, this will eventually fade.
So the floors we're looking at around 48
85 or so.
Okay? Sideways action, incredibly
sideways action. 30-minute formations
for the opening range lasted about 3
hours.
3 hours. That's That's a lot of time.
And then the 4:00 a.m. candlestick, very
quiet, sitting right on top of the
30-minute high. So my thought is if we
can get above the VWAP and hold there
and make higher lows on the pullback,
we'll move up
into that 50 that 5060,
5055. If not, we've got ourselves a
rotation
to the downside.
All right, let's take a look at spy.
Pretty messy.
Point of control 670.
Call wall
Wow, call wall still up at 700. Put wall
660.
And here we are dancing around the
range, right? We've got
Holy smokes, inside day in general for
yesterday.
And
for
Yeah, definitely for yesterday,
especially if we look at all the hours
inside for Friday of last week and
inside for Thursday of last week. So
everybody's crowding around these 3 days
of uh sideways action.
Dips still look like buys. Right? The
traders are still trying to hang on. The
problem is momentum is beginning to
drift here
in this. And so I wouldn't be surprised
to see it at the bottom of the range.
But the bottom of the range is going to
be another buy zone they try to defend.
We are underneath the 200 on the 30.
But remember, the goal is
to stay above the 200 on the daily.
Okay, everybody. That's it for me. I'll
see you on the streams.